
# LCD Driver (Actuator):
* An LCD driver is a semiconductor chip used to power and control a liquid crystal display (LCD). The LCD driver or LCD controller also provides interfaces for various LCD components. There are many types of LCD drivers. Examples include LCD monitor drivers, LCD display drivers, LCD inverters, pneumatic super twist drivers (STNs), and thin film transistors (TFTs). The LCD monitor driver tells the operating system "OS" about the supported screen resolutions. The LCD display driver uses multi-line addressing LCD technology to provide high resolution color displays and high speed video. The Pneumatic Super Twisted LCD Driver (STN)  provides excellent resolution for many colors and provides a high contrast display with a wide  viewing angle. TFT drivers (thin film transistors) can provide very high resolution. Thin-film transistor (TFT) LCDs have transistors  embedded in the panel. This improves image stability and reduces pixel-to-pixel crosstalk. Dedicated and dedicated LCD drivers are also available.

# Crystal Oscillator(Sensor):
 * A crystal oscillator is an electronic oscillator that uses a crystal as a frequency selection factor to achieve the inverse piezoelectric effect. The mechanical resonance of the vibrating crystal with piezoelectric characteristics is used to acquire an electric signal with a high precision frequency. Crystal oscillators are considered superior to ceramic resonators because of their high stability, high quality, low cost, and small size.
